Yes, we’re all one, but we’re not all the same in this 3rd density experience here on planet earth. Sure, Gandhi and Hitler are one, but one of them doesn’t seem to have any conscience. 
However, what if there exists a type of human who has no connection to the higher centers of universal love/awareness at all by birth? He/she is not even genetically wired this way, not being able to access it this lifetime around but he/she can emulate and fake these higher characteristics quite well and even distract you from evolving by sapping your energy and feeding off it.
Deeper Knowledge about our reality and world is coming to the surface again, but only the ones able to SEE will truly recognize it. Truth vibrates on a certain frequency and it requires a certain state of “Being” to see, understand, and most importantly apply it. This is achieved through esoteric work.
-true esoteric work and knowledge can only be grasped and applied by a certain type of human and that another type of man does not posses this ability in his/her current life cycle.
- there exist two kind of humans: adamic man and pre-adamic man. One type with soul potential, the other has no individual soul. Only the former has the inherent capacity to evolve esoterically and build the magnetic center by fusing the lower with the higher centers. The latter does not have the possibility in his current evolutionary cycle to bridge to the higher centers and no access to higher knowing/awareness/love.  Looking at the Indian chakra model, one could say that pre-adamic man only exists on the lower three chakras without any access to the higher ones, while adamic man also mostly exists on the lower centers, but has the ability to activate and bridge the higher centers through conscious esoteric work. 
- we must not forget that pre-adamic man and woman were created by God on the sixth day,
- Adam lost consciousness of his real ‘I’ and fell from the Eden that was his original condition into the same condition as the pre-adamics… The two humanities, coming from two different creative processes, later mingled on the level of organic life on Earth… From then on, the coexistence of these two human types, and the competition which was the result of this, became the norm…we can see that throughout the centuries, even in our own day, adamics in their post-fall condition, have been are are generally in an inferior position to the pre-adamics.
-  It seems that one had the potential to develop a sovereign and integral soul in this lifetime, while the other were as empty cylinders in comparison and were destined to wait another “turn of the wheel” or cosmic cycle. The adamic race is the race that suffered the Fall, which meant the breaking of the connection between the higher centers (giving access to higher knowing/awareness) and the lower centers (which govern physical existence), and which left adamic man in the same “playground” as pre-adamic man, effectively rendering us all OP’s until we learn how to develop the soul.
-we are dealing here not with a complete man at all but with something that suggests a subtly constructed reflex machine which can mimic the human personality perfectly.
- The psychopath is the failed organic portal.
- Organic portals  (are these hylics) strive to fulfil the social norms, such as money, career, sex, marriage, fame or any of a host of other “ideals” that we are all encouraged to strive for from an early age. The attainment of these goals is held up in global society as the culmination of the search for happiness, yet it is evident from the state of our world today that true happiness remains as illusory and elusive as ever…at least for those who have an inkling that there is “something more”.
-Mouravieff discusses what he calls “pre-Adamic humanity” and “Adamic humanity.” the basic idea is that pre-Adamic human types basically have no “soul,” nor any possibility of growing one.
-If you consider that the population is equally distributed, then you will understand that in an ordinary “souled” person’s life, that person will encounter half as many organic portals as souled individuals. BUT, when someone is in the process of “growing” and strengthening the soul, the Control System will seek to insert even more “units” into that person’s life. Now, think of all the people you have ever met and particularly those with whom you have been, or are, intimate. Which half of this number would YOU designate as being organic portals? Hard to tell, eh?
-On the other hand, if man just lives along without any efforts of waking up or is no threat to the “General Law” or Matrix Control System, he will be left alone and he can even make a brilliant career, be successful, have family, kids, be “happy” in his illusion, yet he will not have progressed esoterically as he feeds the General Law
-whenever someone awakens, steps up and tries to “escape” The General Law/Matrix by speaking and seeing truth, forces are put on to him to put him back in line, back to sleep. He will be ridiculed or even silenced. His only chance of protection is to apply esoteric Knowledge and fuse the centers, so he doesn’t fall back to sleep. Anything that is not a threat to the MCS (Matrix Control System) or General Law will be ignored or even promoted heavily, be it through religion, politics, entertainment or popular new age ideas.
-Thus, if this conservative force, which is the servant of the General Law, does not succeed in ‘calming’ man by acting directly upon him, it tries to reach him indirectly through the people of his household, either through the feelings they invoke or the coolness and contempt they openly show him.”
- Pre-adamic man is being used literally as a portal through which the Matrix works and tries to keep man in his place through hyperdimenstional forces (4D STS)
-The pre-adamic race serve as portals between levels of density.
They are “very efficient machines” and “The best ones cannot be discerned except by long and careful observation.”
They steal energy from souled beings so as to emulate them.
-Again here we see that Organic portals are not “bad” or “evil” in the sense that we might ascribe to them without understanding their nature. We can see from the above that their original function was to serve as vehicles for newly evolved 2nd density souls, which, by definition do not, as yet, have integrated souls themselves. However, the key word in the above is “originally” – they were originally part of the bridge between 2nd and 3rd density. This suggests that their function or purpose has been corrupted or usurped and they are now being diverted for some other use…a few words come to mind..energy drain, distraction, confusion, manipulation … (of souled beings)…

[…]My impression is that OPs are the means for beings in 2D to manifest in 3D as a natural part of their growth, the next stage. It would be the first step. But because they were portals, they could be used by 4D, too. Especially as they would have no knowledge with which they could protect themselves.  There is this from that session:
-1. The function of the OP as a bridge.
2. Their relationships to soul pools of flora and fauna.
3. The idea that there is nothing here to “fix”. The Organic Portal is performing a function in the universe. It has its place.
But the discussion was leaving out one very important function of the Organic Portal which is mentioned above: their aforementioned coopting by 4 D STS as a means of draining energy from those who have chosen to work their way out of the Matrix. 
-They are generic vehicles or portals, in human form, open for use by a variety of forces, which is why they make excellent matrix puppets. It just so happens that they’re being used now by 4D STS to control 3D STS / 4D STO candidates through “clapper” and “vampire” functions — keeping us locked into a behavioral pattern matching the orchestrated norm, being physically close to us to sap our energies and keep us from having enough “escape velocity” to remove ourselves from the Matrix Control System’s tug, via development of our magnetic centers.”  collecting the soul energy of souled individuals in order to pass it along the feeding chain to 4D STS. The principal role of the OP is now to prevent the genuine seeker from advancing along the Way.
- in short 1. OPs collect soul energy from souled individuals. 2. This energy is transmitted to 4D STS. 3. OPs are intermixed in families with souled individuals. 4. When a souled individual makes the commitment to the “work,” he or she needs to learn to conserve the soul energy for without it the work cannot be done. 5 .When one makes a commitment to the “work,” one comes under attack. 6. This “attack” comes from those closest to you: family and friends. 7. “BUT, when someone is in the process of ‘growing’ and strengthening the soul, the Control System will seek to insert even more ‘OP units’ into that person’s life.”  OP are matrix puppets for the 4D sts it's not their fault. 
- Esoteric evolution starts when man, by his conscious efforts, proves capable of breaking the circle and transforming it into an ascending spiral.
[Gnosis, Book I, pp 234-5]
- The heart cannot grow toward purity while engaged in a dance with Organic Portals. who are the OP in my life - energy vampires!! Mimi a mirroro of myself, am I a OP starting form the bottom circle I've started the spiral upwards just by doing this - (intergenerational circuit breaker STO) am I doing this for other as a by-pass and/or a leapboard are these leapboarders providing support or hinderance to the cause.  

I get the feeling there is at least 4 aspects probably 5 or 6 - they manifest in the people i meet (like the 4 or 6 I met in the last days of Cambodia) remember I was ill afterwards. (hinderance or help)  Mimi probaly a bit of both - teach me strength to resist the OP in my life but if I don't be true to self  she has drawn energy from me - 
- 
- Perhaps we are getting close to the answer, for the truth would seem to be that there is not and never has been a homogenous  “we” (the human race) on the planet, “we” are not all alike, “we” do not see the world in the same way, “we” are not just a divided race, we are two different races.
- we will soon note that our “I” of which we are so consistently proud, is not always the same self: the “I” changes.

- As this impression becomes more defined we begin to become more aware that it is not a single being who lives within us but several, each having his own tastes, his own aspirations, and each trying to attain his own ends. If we proceed with this experience, we will soon be able to distinguish three currents with that perpetually moving life: that of the vegetative life of the instincts, so to speak; that of the animal life of the feelings; and lastly that of human life in the proper sense of the term, characterized by thought and speech. It is as though there were three beings within us, all entangled together in an extraordinary way.
- this mixture is in a constant state of flux from the external influences knock and setbacks and postive charges and happiness but once the spark of internal work of the soul is ignited is needs to be kept alight as a catalysty to change the inner landscape from a barren deserts in to lush grass and then onto a forest or mature trees.
- This work involves being aware of our actions and responses and bringing our “programs” to light so that we can reach what lies behind, what is obscured by the many little “I”s, the real, unified “I”.
-- Whether or not the individuals named are Organic Portals is not the issue. They may be souled individuals who have not yet been able to see behind the lie of the Personality. As long as that has not happened, souled individuals will function and see the world and themselves as if they were Organic Portals.
- the moving centre of the Organic Portal, unable to draw energy from the higher emotional and intellectual centres which do not exist for him. His creativity in the form of “love” is limited in its functioning to carnal love.
-During sleep, the emotional center, not being blocked by the lower intellectual center and the moving center, transduces the energy from the sexual center. It is also the time during which the higher emotional and intellectual centers can rest from the “drain” of the lower centers’ interaction with those pesky organic portals so much loved by the lower centers. This respite alone is sufficient to make a difference. But, more than that, the energy of the sexual center is also more available to the other higher centers.
-The adamic man who has even a vague consciousness of his real ‘I’ finds that this is a source of internal conflict that he cannot solve on a purely human plane. This conflict becomes more acute from the moment he actively enters esoteric work. It is then that he becomes weak and falls a prey to uncertainty, doubt, and mistrust towards himself, for the road that leads to Truth always passes through doubts. Throughout this work, we have seen several times the considerable sum of efforts and superefforts that are demanded of the adamic man, who, after having recognized his position in life, resolutely crosses the First Threshold and climbs the staircase to attain and pass the Second Threshold with its promised Redemption. [Gnosis, Book III, pp. 131-132]
-So the first indication of an Organic Portal is a lack of “internal conflict and resulting doubt.” There are people who never doubt their thoughts or what they are told or what they have chosen to believe. No matter the circumstances, the failures or set-backs, these people are unassailed by self-questioning or questioning of the system.#
-Like adamic man’s, pre adamic man his Personality contains three lower centres, but that is all. no connection to the higher centers of creativity and soul serching. Equally underdeveloped and unbalanced these lower centers, but sheltered from the troubles provoked by the ‘B’ influences, this Personality lives and acts obedient to the commands of the sexual centre.  (INTRIp :- links into the concept of women who control Automtic men. the $D work through them and activate these lower centers in the target man, If he doesn't reacte they are onto a a loosing game)
###Their method is to try first to cast their influence upon a man; then they enter slowly into his atmosphere and in the end may get complete possession of him, driving out entirely the real human soul and personality. These creatures, when in possession of an earthly body, may have the human appearance but they have not a human nature. Their habit is to draw upon the life-force of human beings; they attack and capture vital power wherever they can and feed upon it. If they come into your atmosphere, you suddenly feel depressed and exhausted; if you are near them for some time you fall sick; if you live with one of them, it may kill you.

##-In this current time of transition, the end of the Grand Cycle, it becomes  important for adamic man to wake up and consciously engage in esoteric work through conscious efforts, in order  to align with the Divine Plan and rectify the “error”. At the same, if adamic man develops as he should ( fusing the magnetic center to establish the permanent real “I”), pre-adamic man will take the place of adamic man, granting him the possibility of  esoteric evolution. If adamic man fails to do so, “the Deluge of Fire awaits us” , as Mouravieff pointed out, the way down into Entropy,  the dark side of Creator, Non-Being, as mentioned in the beginning of this blog. The choice to be made is in each single one of us. No one can do the work for another, nor can any “saviors”.]
- Having fallen, and thereby losing awareness of its connection to the higher centers, the souled race was in no way different from the anthropoid race when seen from the exterior. He differed only in having the potential to reconnect with the higher centers by developing the magnetic center. 
-This 3rd Density STS world in which Adamic man “awoke” was not his natural habitat. It is the world of the anthropoids, the meat puppets, the dead. It is a farm run and controlled by 4D STS to provide their nourishment. It is the world of the three lower centers and a sexual center limited to a role of procreation through carnal love. It is a world organized on the basis of hunger, sex, and fear.
-Organic Portals _ they are draining you of vital energy and thus denying you any chance of developing your magnetic centre, with the final destination of this energy being 4D STS. It feeds and maintains the Matrix. In these interactions, you are nothing but a battery and the organic portals in your life are the “feeding tubes.”
-For example: if we are in a relationship where we feel we “need to get away now and then to recharge” or something, but in most other respects, the relations are satisfactory, we may be involved with an OP that is very subtle and good in terms of draining our energy off.
-In order to progress in esoteric work, it is fundamental to understand this underlying dynamic of feeding; it is pointless and dangerous to attempt to identify and to classify individuals as organic portals because we are all OPs until we choose to be otherwise. To turn a tool for understanding the true terror of our situation in this world of the fallen into a weapon against individuals is to empty it of its spiritual importance and render it a tool of our enslavement in the material world, the same process that has occurred to all of the world’s religions during the course of our unhappy history.
-

https://veilofreality.com/2011/04/18/organic-portals-soulless-humans/
