To experience such preverbal life threatening trauma/anxiety threatens the total annihilation of the human life/personality, the destruction of the personal spirit. This must be avoided at all costs and so, because such trauma often occurs in early infancy before a coherent ego (and its defenses) is formed, a second line of defenses comes into play to prevent the “unthinkable” from being experienced. In psychoanalytic language, they are variously known as the “primitive” or “dissociative” defenses; for example, splitting, projective identiﬁcation, idealization or diabolization, trance-states, switching among multiple centers of identity, de-personalization, psychic numbing, etc. Psychoanalysis has long understood that these primitive defenses both characterize severe psychopathology and also (once in place) cause it. 

- Typically, one part of the ego regresses and another part progresses, i.e., grows up too fast and becomes precociously adapted to the outer world, often as a “false self or constructed identity (C-ID) ” The progressed (C-ID) part of the personality then caretakes the regressed part The Diabolical self) 


@@If caregivers do not give adequate care and offer enmeshment or narcissistic care the false progressive self will be gifted with abilities to "read" subtle cues, subtext, and intentions as a self care mechanism to avoid further aggressions, threats and psychological trauma where the self-care system may have to intervene and dissociate as it perceives a similar life threatening trauma is about to happen
. 

- In dreams, the regressed seed part of the personality is usually represented as a vulnerable, young, innocent (often feminine) child— or animal— self who remains shamefully hidden. Occasionally it appears as a special animal — a favorite pet, a kitten, puppy, or bird (familial animal in fantasy magic novels).  Whatever its particular incarnation, this “innocent” remainder of the whole self seems to represent a core (seed) of the individual’s imperishable personal spirit — what the ancient Egyptians called the “Ba-soul,”. This spirit has always been a mystery - an essence of selfhood never to be fully comprehended. It is the imperishable essence of the personality - that which Winnicott referred to as the “True Self” (Winnicott, 1960a) and which Jung, seeking a construct that would honor its transpersonal origins, called the Self.

   The violation of this inner core of the personality is unthinkable. When other defenses fail, archetypal defenses will go to any length to protect the Self - even to the point of killing the host personality in which this personal spirit is housed (suicide).

 @@ as Ba-soul /divine seed knows that it can have a reincarnation??@@

-The self-care system (Constructed Identity)  performs the self-regulatory and inner/outer mediational functions that, under normal conditions, are performed by the person’s functioning ego. Here is where a problem arises. Once the trauma defense is organized, all relations with the outer world are “screened” by the self-care system. What was intended to be a defense against further trauma becomes a major resistance to all unguarded spontaneous expressions of self in the world. The person survives but cannot live creatively. Psychotherapy becomes necessary.

-“Never again,” says our tyrannical caretaker C-ID “will the traumatized personal spirit of this child suffer this badly! Never again will it be this helpless in the face of cruel reality. 
. . . before this happens I will disperse it into fragments [dissociation], or encapsulate it and soothe it with fantasy [schizoid withdrawal], or numb it with intoxicating substances [addiction], or persecute it to keep it from hoping for life in this world [depression]. . . . In this way I will preserve what is left of this prematurely amputated childhood — of an innocence that has suffered too much too soon!” @@If I have to, I will kill the body to save the soul for re-incarnation@@

- The second ﬁnding is the seemingly perverse fact that the victim of psychological trauma continually ﬁnds themselves in life situations where he or she is re- traumatized. As much as he or she wants to change, as hard as he or she tries to improve life or relationships, something more powerful than the ego (Constructed Identity)  continually undermines progress and destroys hope. It is as though the persecutory inner world somehow ﬁnds its outer mirror in repeated self-defeating “re-enactments” — almost as if the individual were possessed by some diabolical power or pursued by a malignant fate. 

"When innocence has been deprived of its entitlement, it becomes a diabolical spirit.""

- sufferers -  caretaking themselves in a cocoon of fantasy instead. They tended to see themselves as the victims of others’ aggression and could not mobilize effective self-assertion when it was needed to defend themselves or to individuate. Their outward facade of toughness and self-sufﬁciency often concealed a secret dependency they were ashamed of, so in psychotherapy they found it very difﬁcult to relinquish their own self-care protection and allow themselves to depend on a real person.

@@The outer CID over time can become so dominant it views its own death if it allows the the true self seed to grow, so to prove it’s worth it seeks re-traumatising events that push the true seed back down and the CID back up@@  If the initial trauma is not rectified in early years by mother infant dyad the true self ceases to incarnate in the body and the (mostly mental) false self, based on compliance with outer demands, takes over the life of the individual, hiding the still omnipotent, but now traumatized true self as its shameful secret.

-  Dissociation is a normal part of the psyche’s defenses against traumas potentially damaging impact — as Jung demonstrated many years ago with his word association test (Jung, 1904). Dissociation is a trick the psyche plays on itself. It allows life to go on by dividing up the unbearable experience and distributing it to different compartments of the mind and body, especially the “unconscious” aspects of the mind and body. This means that the normally uniﬁed elements of consciousness (i.e. cognitive awareness, affect, sensation, imagery) are not allowed to integrate. Experience itself becomes discontinuous.

-around a dissociated trauma experience, integration or “wholeness” is initially experienced as the worst thing imaginable. These patients do not experience an increase of power or enhanced functioning when the repressed affect or traumato-genie experience ﬁrst emerges into consciousness. They go numb, or split, or act out, somatize, or abuse substances. Their very survival as cohesive “selves” has depended upon primitive dissociative Operations which resist integration of the trauma and its associated affects — even to the point of dividing up the ego’s "selves” into part-personalities. (constructed Identities) Analytic work with them, therefore, must involve “softer” techniques than the usual interpretations and reconstructions we consider mutative in analysis. Great attention must be given to the creation of a safe physical space and a safe interpersonal environment within which dreams and fantasies can emerge and be worked with in a more playful, open-ended fashion



-It would not be appropriate to attribute the archaic violent energies of this figure to the “shadow"  at least not in the way Jung intended the shadow to represent the coherent ego’s dark alter-personality, split off in moral deveIopment and later integrated in the interest of the “wholeness” of personality. Clearly, this ﬁgure belongs to a more primitive level of ego development and corresponds to what Jung designated as the ‘Archetypal shadow” or the “magic demon...with. mysterious powers” (Jung, 1916: para. 153). If anything, this ﬁgure, whose unfeeling murderous acts assure psychic disintegration, is closer to incarnate evil in the personality — the dark side of the godhead or Self.

@@ Reptile brain shadow as the reptile brain has to develop the ego as the self then reside in the limbic system@@??

- We must assume that the vast majority of babies never experience the x + y + z  quantity of deprivation. This means that the majority of children do not carry around with them for life the knowledge from experience of having been mad. Madness here simply means a breakup of whatever may exist at the time of a personal continuity of existence. After ‘recovery’ from x + y + z deprivation a baby has to start again permanently deprived of the root which could provide continuity with the personal beginning start again with a fractured psyche "never again" diabolical and constructed to please  (Winnicott, 1971b: 9?; emphases in original)

- ’ Archetypal defenses, then, are for survival at the expense or individuation. ’ They assure the survival of the person, but at the expense of personality development. Their “goal” , is to keep the personal spirit “safe” but disembodied, encapsulated, or otherwise driven out of the body/mind unity — foreclosed from entering time and space reality. Instead of  ‘ slowly and painfully incarnating in a cohesive self, the volcanic opposing ' dynamisms of the inner world become organized around defensive purposes. constituting a “self-care system” for the individual. Instead of individuation and the integration of mental life, the archaic defense engineers dis-incarnation (dis- embodiment) and dis-integration in order to help a weakened anxiety-ridden ego to survive, albeit as a partially “false” self.

- Freud’s explanation for the repetition compulsion was the tendency of the psyche to mistake a benign situation in the present for an originally traumatic one. A young woman’s traumatic early abandonment by her father, for example, will lead her to interpret every analogous situation with a man whom she begins to love (such as the transference) as equally dangerous, so she will reject the man and suffer the trauma of “abandonment” once again (see ibid.: 153).  This is very similar to the notion of Leopold Stein (1967) that the Self acts like the body’s immune system and can be tricked in an analogous fashion. in other words, the self-care system inadvertently repeats the dissociative action of its original defense to primal trauma in later, otherwise benign, situations. It is not educable.  So diabolical did this compulsion seem to Freud that he linked the repetition compulsion with the death instinct:

- Certain complexes arise on account of painful or distressing experiences in a person’s life, 
experience of an emotional nature which leave lasting psychic wounds behind them. A bad experience of this sort often crushes valuable qualities in an individual. All these produce unconscious complexes of a personal nature. A great many autonomous complexes arise in this way. But there are others that come from quite a different source . . . the collective unconscious. At bottom they are irrational contents of which the individual had never been conscious before. . . . So far as i can judge, these experiences occur . . . when something so devastating happens to the individual that his whole previous attitude to life breaks down.
@@(as I was thinking on the times I was rejected on the dancefloor as I was not able to hold emotions in me - reflecting I think i knew this at the time but unable to describe it )  @@


-intellectually the Self is no more than a psychological concept, a construct that serves to express an unknowable essence which we cannot grasp as such, since by deﬁnition it transcends our powers of comprehension. It might equally well be called the “God within us.” The beginnings of our whole psychic life seem to be inextricably rooted in this point, and all our highest and ultimate purposes seem to be striving towards it.”  (Jung, 1934a: para. 399)

- It is otherwise where the ego has suffered severe trauma and is therefore only provisionally established, fragile, riddled with anxiety,  and in a constant struggle to survive  Such patients live in constant dread that the original traumatic state will return, and they expect. it. Vigilant. scanning of the environment replaces play for them and they live in constant. fear that everything will collapse, which indeed it often does.(the body muscles become hyper-vigilant always tense awaiting the next trauma event)(@to survive in a home with Narc parents the false self learns to attune and can read the subtle non-verbal communications that will give it a little extra edge in avoiding the next beating or verbal attack because they didn’t shut up early enough@) In this case, for reasons that are not altogether clear, horriﬁc and destructive imagery of the Self predominates. We might distinguish this Self as a survival Self (this could additional to the false self  as it learns to compartmentalise outward facing selves to reflect the different groups and people the encounter)  in order to distinguish it from the individuating Self found in psychological health. The survival Self seems to be the form taken by the Self when it's otherwise individuating energies have been diverted to an earlier developmental task, i. e assuring the individual’s survival.

- We have seen in our prior cases how this survival Self attacks the dissociable ego, Splitting affect {feeling and emotions} from image, dismembering experience, and have speculated that these very attacks are the Self’s (often misguided) “efforts” to preserve the personal selfseed spirit of the individual from the unbearable affect of the original trauma which now seems to threaten at every turn. This, at least, would be one way to explain the apparent disintegrative urge within the psyche, as seen so often in what Jung (1928b: paras 597-91) calls “possession by a spirit” complexes.

- Erich Neumann describes the normal mother/infant. situation as a “dual unity” and the child’s ﬁrst year  is psychically contained in the mother in total participation mystique and does not yet “exist” as a separate person Pre-verbal trauma and pre-self trauma during this phase is always life threatening,  the superordinate center and wholeness of the personality that Jung called the Self resides in two places: in the child’s body and in the mother. Gradually, with increasing reality-contact, that part of the Self carried by the mother “migrates” into the child, partially ending the participation mystique with the mother and establishing the ego-Self axis as an interior polarity within the child’s psyche, thereby assuring normal ego growth. Neumann points out that a successful primal relationship and securely established ego-Self axis are the basis for all experiences of ecstasy, religious or otherwise, in which the numinosum is allowed to dissolve ego-boundaries and the ego lets its own dominance be suspended while being temporarily taken back into the Self. If trauma interrupts the primal relationship, the numinosum constellates negatively as the Terrible Mother and a negativized, distress-ego, bearing the imprint of distress or doom, results. (like the unknown letter - doom life threatening) A central feature of the disturbed primal relationship is a primary feeling of guilt. The unloved child feels abnormal, sick, “leprous” and “condemned” (ibid.: 86). And paired with this “bad, ﬁlthy” child is a dairnonic masculine spirit (patriarchal umboms) representing a violent superego, now confused with the Self, which continually attacks the “bad” child who can never live up to its demands.  Throughout Neumann’s description is an awareness that all children exist on a level of “mythological apperception” and that this gives a wholly mythic dimension to the traumatic disruption of the primal relationship which cannot be adequately apprehended in denotative language. The Great Mother ﬁgure of the primal relationship. 
Neumann does not. attribute a defense function to the negative Self-ﬁgure but rather conceives of defenses as residing in the ego. In other words, there are no “primitive defenses” in his theory — only primitive negative images which derive from the disturbed primary relationship with the real mother now giving way to the fantasy-imagos of the Good Mother or the Terrible Mother.

@@ I've sought after a good mother that can accurately reflect my inner pain - it is complex and hard to identify  - so people mis id it like the you just not met the right woman yet.. which only makes it worse as this is re traumatising the cumulative narc parenting that didn't mirror even basic feelling like love - hunger - sadness - pain@@ 
@@@ Self - realisation will become the good mother that can through observation accurately reflect the emotions and thoughts @@

-primitive defensive “complex” originating in trauma and acting between two inner subpersonalities, one a vulnerable child, the other “the omnipotent apocalyptic God subpersonality” who threatens to annihilate everything with “the bomb.”  
@@ spot on with my inner self and carnal mind@@

- The super-ego atomises into the universe  (maybe to a preconception time) to re-coagulate into a new self - this is followed by a forming of new cosmologies so the individual can feel part of a new larger whole - after the previous one had disintegrated through trauma

-  trauma is always about a failure of the environment mother to provide care that is “good enough” to sustain an active, creative relationship between inner and outer reality. If the mother’s care is erratic, overstimulating, or grossly neglectful, a Split starts to open up between the infant’s psychosomatic “true” self and a (primarily mental) “false” self that is precociously organized to screen the true self from further trauma and to act as a substitute for the environment which has become unbearable.
 
 - progressed is the false self (outward facing) in the mind and the true self (Sporeself)  is regressed and protected from further trauma. If the initial trauma is not rectified in early years by mother infant dyad the true self ceases to incarnate in the body and the (mostly mental) false self, based on compliance with outer demands, takes over the life of the individual, hiding the still omnipotent, but now traumatized true self as its shameful secret.

- The false self if progressing to wholeness can become a caretaker self - looking after the delicate true self as it slowly test integration methods and hovers around ready to step in a protect as it travels towards wholeness.

-Winnicott emphasizes the positive (caretaking) side of What we have called the self-care system. Its persecutory dimension is not discussed, except to say that if the caretaker self cannot ﬁnd a way for the true self to exist, then it becomes its lot to organize the patient’s suicide - because the true self must never be betrayed, an analysis identical to Ferenczi’s description of ()rpha and the regressed ego. “Suicide in this context,” says Winnicott, “is the destruction of the total self in avoidance of annihilation of the true self” (ibid.: 143).

-@Having read Jung’s doctoral dissertation, Ross is aware that dissociative disorders go together with Spiritualism, mental telepathy, telekinesis, clair- voyance, poltergeist contacts, and so on. 

- To feel potential for one’s life — shared with a beloved other -- is what a certain group of patients (generally called “schizoid”) cannot allow themselves to experience in the real world — precisely because their nascent longings to do so were traumatically disappointed as children. The links with the world — mediated by signiﬁcant others — were broken, and hope was lost. The word “potential” is one of those linking words. It has two Latin roots, potis or latent power, and posse. to be able, from which we get our word “possible.” So, the American Heritage Dictionary deﬁnes potential as “the inherent capacity or ability for growth, development, or coming into being.” Something “inherent,” an “in ward potency,” crosses a boundary and becomes real - is actualized in the world.

- Kohut, 1971, 1977) would phrase this question some-what. differently as follows: “How does the infant’s original archaic grandiose and omnipotent self, with its fragile self-esteem totally dependent. on a mirroring ‘other’ - and its proneness to fragmentation - gradually become transformed into an autonomous coherent self with solid self-esteem regulation realistic expectations, and genuine ideals?” Kohut’s answer is an intermediate period known as the “self-object” stage -- including the self-object transferences — in which there is “phase-appropriate” disillusionment and transmutation of the archaic grandiose structures into interior psychic structure — without losing contact with the self-object carrying these imagos in projection.
@@ the mother-baby dyad  mother holds the self and trasferes gradually @@

Into the fairy tale section now

- The witch,  adoptive mother as one part of the self-care system, is also a comforter, but the comfort she gives is of a particularly sad and melodramatic type and is really a well-meaning deceptive swindle.  the story she tells is of an especially sentimental type. It goes something like this: _
“You were an orphan and nobody loved you or recognized your soulful beauty, but I found you and took you home and together we’ve made it in a cruel and corrupt world in which most things are false and banal. Nobody understands you except me and therefore you can never be lonely with me in your life.” (enmeshment of the wife of a disinterested husband) 
This soothing self-comfort works temporarily to ameliorate and rationalize pain, but it gradually breaks down and, like all neurotic circles, the psyche’s “efforts” to dissociate in order to protect itself from acute trauma leaves the personality enfeebled and chronically traumatized. 
- seen, Jung adopted the word “numinous” from Rudolph Otto’s important study of the nature of religious experience across cultures. Otto had shown that the numinous is a category of experience like love or aggression, but a category of experience perhaps uniquely expressive of what it means to be human. It was a small step for lung to theoretically “locate” this awe-inspiring mysterious power in the deepest. layer of the psyche —- its collective or religious dimension. So, according to the argument we are making here, when trauma strikes and the eneliantress comes to rescue the human Spirit, the archetypal “world” that opens up through the abyss of outer catastrophe is a world already waiting to be discovered. It is not “created” by the ego in order to provide necessary illusion (as Freud thought). It is placed in the service of “illusion” in order to defend the personal spirit, but. these archetypal defenses are a kind of miracle in their own right and provide for the organism’s survival.

- Like Plato’s original man who was cut in two, with each half forever seeking its mate, the Eros/Psyche or Self/ego pair are now radically separated and, if they are to be rejoined, it will require that the person housing this process ﬁnd a new capacity for suffering the psyche’s archetypal affects. This new capacity for suffering is always a rediscovery based on the remembering of earlier tinres in the patient’s life when dependency was possible and love was welcomed. This remembering can occur only in a love relationship with another person and we have repeatedly seen the resistance to this love which the dismembered Self sets up. In psychoanalysis, this love relationship emerges in the transference and. with it, all the transpersonal uniting factors that such transferences set in motion.

- This is why all witches and daimons are “spell-casters.” If this “narcissistic” energy is appropriated by the ego, as it inevitably is to some extent, then a very refractory kind of inﬂation results, and the libido gets stuck in the underworld. The resulting constellation is both inﬂated (the god Eros) and infantile (the injured Psyche). People caught in this web are paradoxically both incredibly needy and proudly self-sufﬁcient at the same time, impotent and omnipotent both — a “divine or royal person” and a “baby” simultaneously. This imperious infantilism is the dark side of the daimonic’s inﬂuence over the ego — its tendency toward incest and “malignant regression.” Kingbaby

-  When the traumatized ego becomes the “client” of a transpersonal daimon or god, this daimon or god protects the stress-ego with the ferocity of a mother bear with her cubs. At. this stage in our story, Aphrodite and Eros are an undifferentiated pair, with Aphrodite representing Eros’ own rage at Psyche’s betrayal. Only after this rage is satisﬁed, through the various humiliations that follow, is the love of Bros/Aphrodite allowed to prevail. So we must remember that for the traumatized psyche, integration is the worst imaginable thing and the self-care system (Aphrodite/Eros), with its numinous caretaking (and persecutory) energies, makes sure that the splitting necessary to adaptation is maintained (even though the gods secretly cooperate in the undoing of that splitting).

- In other words, ego-growth entails a dual sacriﬁce - both infantile and inﬂated trends at the same time. In the dyad of our wizard and his “innocent” childlike wives living in unknowing magniﬁcence, we might. say that both sides must undergo a sacriﬁce. We have seen that this dyadic structure of Protector/Persecutor and innocent child-client is the basic architecture of the self-care system. Its energies are, on the one hand, incredibly inﬂated, imperious, and “royal” — a king or a queen and, on the other, equally infantile. innocent and victimized — a divine Victim. As this “king/baby” structure undergoes integration, both sides of it are sacriﬁced to an intermediate humanity — limited. and capable of personal responsibility. The daughter’s spellbound “innocence” is lost in the hideous room, the Wizard’s Spell-casting powers are. lost as the third daughter re-members her sisters and through this act, now gains “total power over him.”

-  the victims of early trauma, a kind of inner addiction to fantasy which leaves them in a permanent state of melancholy. In  these patients, aggressive energies which should be available for adaptation are thwarted in their outward expression and take the form of archaic self-attack and self-criticism. Thus, suffering from terrible and incessant inner persecution, these patients seek out “heavenly” states, such as fusional identiﬁcation with others, or they “space out” into diffused undifferentiated states of melancholic self- soothing in order to stay unembodied and away from the traumatic affect. These patients often spend time alone crying, but their tears are a peculiar form of self- soothing. They are crying and holding themselves at the same time. They do not know how to cry with others. Sadness and wistful longing are a continual ache in their hearts. But. none of this ever brings any empathy from outside because these patients often do not know what they are crying about and whenever they try to communicate it to others, it breaks down. It is all a very complicated, intricately nuanced sad story they are telling themselves but it. remains self-contained, inﬂated, disembodied .and one-dimensional. And the tragic irony is that all this suffering is designed to prevent another kind of suffering — the suffering of coming into being in time and space which always entails a sacriﬁce of fantasy.
