Jasmine Star 

4 banks, Sweden, England, Canada, Australia, not their respective names – I doubt she could fully remember them, they were always called “bong” a term of affection here in Cambodia like darling,  it took a while for the name to fall into place but bong was always first.
She had three children – Vietnam, Sweden, Canada, - again she didn’t refer to their names but the country of their farther – these kids as typical lived with grandparents the majority of the time while she did her thing

Her step daddy didn’t like her, he used to tell as much and beat her, so she sold her virginity at thirteen, well not voluntarily, her mama “sold” her to a chicken farm where she was kept to one room, only allowed out to eat, when she started to get a bit too friendly with the other girls she was back to being confined to that one room.
After about three months a rich Chinese business man was found willing to pay $800 to de-flower her, her mama wanted more but it seemed business was slow. The Madam (mamasan) told her to take some tissue so she could mop up the blood and use as evidence that she really did bleed, in case he complained she wasn’t a virgin, but that was all she was told before hand, no reassurances, no kind words, no guidance, it was business. 

She met that particular businessan then soon after some very small talk she saw him put something into her drink, being none the wiser she took it as normal, it was something to knock her out as the next thing she remembers is waking up with lots and lots of blood on her and around her and pain lots of pain. Thankfully the deed was done her ordeal was over or so she thought, the money was split between her Mama and the Madam. Star didn’t get any money or escape, she had to continue to work from that one room where more and more men would visit after being sold young fresh meat this lasted for three years before she could go home but her Mama would visit each month to pick up her earnings. This all started about 17 years ago, 17 years of what is called the game but it’s not the sort of games your teenage children play it’s no game at all.

The pain she suffers is turned back against each new man she meets, if they are soft enough she will walk all over them, drain them, burn them, but in a nice way with a smile and giggle. 

She’s been on a daddy’s girls soul searching crusade ever since in a bid to resolve her unknown abandonment issues, the hollowness of which is all smothered with self medicated pain relief, ganga is her thing but it goes with all the rest of the easily obtained drugs of choice. 

When I first properly met her she had just been smoking “Ice” crystal Meth with Richie (the bank from England) it was her last night with him for a while and he wanted to party. She was still buzzing, pupils dilated and her jaw gurning like a motor left idling. He’d just left on the bus back to Phnom Penh and then onto England.  She had walked into my room and told me she was now alone and horny, but she never outright said she wanted to fuck, skipped around the edges, tossed out the bait hinted at prices and waited for the automatic response from the usual prey, but I’m not that usual I didn’t take on her love bite. 

She had the *Glamorous* spell that most western types can’t see past. 
40kg tiny waistline – hips, and some proper tits. Ok a little bit saggy after three kids but still looked like great cleavage when she’d glammed up.  A petite figure but there were blemishes and scars all over her legs and back from being in the game for so long. 

Her accent was girlie and sweetly tinged from the couple of years she spent living with a different ‘bank’ in England. I could spot a slight London accent – we tried to figure out where she stayed she couldn’t remember much at first it was near a pub, Bear something or Dog something and an expectant look that I should know which pub that was in the whole of London, some bad pronunciation of place names – mama-smit er er – Hammersmith! Yes that was it.

Apart from her cute lilt there was a cute laugh, hard to describe other than heart warming. If you stroked her ego she would purr for you. 

She could get her pick of the crop of the men at the bars, she had the looks, the figure, the voice, the patter. She would cast her glamorous net over the next customer, he didn’t know it but the trap was set and net slowly gathered inwards. He was on holiday wanted to fuck, had gone to the bar and found the best looking girl there and she liked him, she did but it was the superficial glamour that did – deep deep deep down, so far she couldn’t see it clearly her self,  she hated this game, and longed for that true Alpha alpha male that could tame her and be the daddy that abandoned her. 

If he wasn’t going to be the daddy replacement he was prey, these men were push overs – ‘Automatics’ she used to call them. It was part reading their thoughts, and part putting words in their mouth, automatics would repeat back what she wanted what she hoped for, it felt like their own thoughts and then they were practically committed to her for as long as the magic glamour spell, the love bite lasted for but this wasn’t a magic she spent years crafting, perfecting it just came naturally to her, and the environment she found her self in after first selling her virgin pussy she’d honed those skills like a young tiger learning to hunt, day in day out survival really taught her the prey that was most likely to fall and those that weren’t worth the effort. 

There were short term and long term goals, getting a bank was the best long term regular income, cash withdrawals being just a phone call away and some verbal manipulation to keep that love bite spell alive, they’d think they were the only ones, holidays were planned to ensure they didn’t clash with another bank, but all the while the bar work continued. She was top dog and didn’t have to fuck a client unless she wanted to, not like the other girls who actually needed the money. 

‘Banks’ would come and go over the years, she never knew how long they would last burning through each one until dry. At her best there was four, each donating $400-500 a month each. $2k a month is a very very good wage in Cambodia. Most of it disappeared quickly playing cards so there was just enough for the basics, cheap accommodation – at least she didn’t have to live with her parents – drinks, drugs, ganga, food, cleaning, oh and some money for her kids upbringing. 

The best type of short term holiday client was the group of lads on a naughty holiday or stag do – peer pressure is a great thing to get the cautious into that soft lovely trap of the momentary love bite.

The group of men would arrive along with their own pecking orders, the alpha’s the beta’s and the automatics among them. The beauty of this trick is that these alpha type males aren’t true leaders they’re just an alpha compared to the rest of that small pack – they’d be devoured alive by some other packs beta, and there are other alphas out there but they don’t fit the easy prey profile they are out doing their own hunting in the backpacker bars for that elusive tight white rich pussy on a gap year!

If she and her girls can lure the pack in for one drink there’s a good chance she has a new ATM for a few days.  it starts with ‘will you get me a new phone/bag/shoes’ its a test of their automatic compliance and a gauge of how much she can leverage out of them and whether she could convert him  into a bank, that’s the dream ticket, and rarer to find. This time like many others she knows it will only last while he’s with her, new phone, tablet, watch, clothes, small enough gifts he can absorb easily, big enough to make a difference to her. 

 In the comparisons after the pack had gone home, the girls can breathe easy and total up the gifts and cash, the other girls are jealous that she can get almost double what the rest of them get. This only strokes that broken, battered and bruised ego some more, but it never does it heal the lack of love in her heart, it only fans the flames of self destruction and thickens the veil of self denial and loathing. She feels the glow of being alpha female the most prized possession, and the tales and tricks are gossiped over the new girls learn new ticks the old ones say how easy it was after she gave him that first cock loving blow job his girl back home would never give, to him anyway. 

She reminds of Jasmine, she has a similar way about her – the look on her face when drunk, and a little bit horny. She was a little bit worse for wear, slurring her speech, dilly dalling around the edges hinting at fucking for money. I told her of this resemblance and I could have sworn she acknowledged it was her, her archetype, at least you recognize me. 

 Stories of past men, and her ability to extract money, She told me at least 4 men in the block of bachelors wanted to stay with her, but I took it as all part of the spin of deception, I was the chosen one,  out of all the Plebs I could be pleb No1 She tel me  how she was a good girl, good heart, not lie, not steal, it felt like she was trying out a new tactic to gain a potential new ATM card. but the brightness and glamour had gone and what I spoke to was the shadow, the part not normally on display, but it reflected in my own dark shadow, reflecting hers made her see things could be better. I saw this manifest just like with Jasmine, I went for a chat in her room, it was untidy a bit slovenly not that bad but worse than I like it – her teleapthy kicks in can read my mind and starts just a little tidying along with excuses for the mess. The actual Jasmine would give me that look of oh I need to do this to gain aproval – the watering of the plant sat on top of the amp for the speakers the water poured through and blew the amp but after some drying it was ok. 

The bachelor block is down a unlit mud track and in the monsoon its just silly muddy, a couple fo bends lots of rubbish broken bottles, the lot. Or using the long way it has a proper road barly maintained to a standard below the worse in the UK. Holes, broken speed bumps, water and mud all feature but its passable to the semi main road that doesn’t surprise you with a speed bump. It’s in a area where only people who live here go, there’s a fw shops which are basically the front room of someone house selling just a select few products, most shops don’t have enough trade for barang so the shelves lay empty. 
The block has 2 floors, each room is a small studio flat just a bed not much room for a sitting area, that can be done on the balcony / walkway to your room and if your not that socialble if one person is sitting out you might just avoid the chitter chatter by stayin in your room. 
The blcok is medium to low on Camboodian standards, a bit of rubbish here and there, the location is right on the edge of acceptable. 
The man next to me never sits out, but does leave his door open when in, that in no way a invitation for a hello he keeps himself down to the cordial urghh maybe a hello, a nod of acknoweldge meant as he avoids being drawn into a AGC verbal cycle. He is painted as unfriendly a loner but who wants to dance with the devil again after escaping the draw, I sat out and I caught pausing to stare to look at Star at the end of the corridor as she put her hair into a ponytail hands above the head which shows off that great hour glass figure (perhaps it should be minute glass as she’s so small) . 
Then theirs Mr New Hampshire (bong) as star calls him, he’s the closest thing to a farther figure she’ll get right now, he  looks out for her, talks wisely and has a laugh with her. I often over hear them or rather her laugh regardless of what else comes with it it’s still adorable. 

One morning not early, maybe 11am we were sitting casually on the balcony, 1 joint finished and the glased look of pain relief on her face, NH had preped and ready to go on a day trip, So Star and I sat and chatted for a sort while after he had gone. I can’t remember why I had to  go back to my room, a piss most likely, but I paused to get something, and it was just a little to long, I heard her cry out don’t leave me alone, come back. Just another bit of evidence of Co-dependancey, ok so I sat with her a while longer and chatted and I got some of the same stories I’d already been hearing, maybe she was getting bored of me or I of her and my interested had waned and it wasn’t long before she had qualms about leaving me alone so she could go off to her card game – proably a place whe can keep repeating the same stories as long as she played and paid. 

Do you ever get hook in the ear? The conversation meant to be overheard layered with a hook to draw you into to comment or join in at least? Well thats what they would do day in day out. If I didn’t know better I would be up out of bed and start chatting with them, hook line and sinker swallowed hole. 

There’s a Finnish guy downstairs some sort of webmaster / online business man considering the digs he can’t be doing that well. Mr NH often chats with him and his Thai Girlfreind all afternoon. 



She worked the bars
